Document machine reset workflow (#182)
rancher/elemental-docs: docs/reset.md

   A new `MachineInventory` will be created and the `spec.config.cloud-config` defined in the `MachineRegistration` will be applied again.  

Note that the `MachineRegistration` reference will **not** change, the machine will **not** be reinstalled, the `COS_PERSISTENT` and `COS_OEM` partition will be cleared by default if reset is `enabled`. For more information, you can consult the [Partition Table](installation#deployed-elemental-teal-partition-table).  

Since the `cloud-config` is re-applied during the reset workflow, you can reset a machine to apply updates from the `MachineRegistration` definition, for example to rotate `users` credentials and authorized keys. It is strongly recommended to enable the `reset-oem` option, to avoid conflicts with previously configured cloud-configs.  

If you need to bind a machine to a different `MachineRegistration` and trigger a new full installation, you need to reprovision it again using a new image.  

### Enable machine reset

In order to allow machines to be reset automatically, the `spec.config.elemental.reset.enabled` flag of the `MachineRegistration` should be toggled.  

> This is off by default, but once activated, all associated `MachineInventory` will inherit this setting automatically.  

Reviewer: It seems you can switch the reset dynamically on all the already created MachineInventories. I would change it slightly, something like:
```suggestion
This is off by default, but once activated, all newly created `MachineInventory` will inherit this setting automatically.  
```
